Add support for Python 3.12 and 3.13 (#966)
aws/aws-advanced-python-wrapper: README.md

1. Set up your environment by following the directions in the [Development Guide](./docs/development-guide/DevelopmentGuide.md).
2. To contribute, first make a fork of this project. 

> 3. Make any changes on your fork. Make sure you are aware of the requirements for the project (e.g. do not require Python 3.7 if we are supporting Python 3.8 - 3.13 (inclusive)).

Author: ```suggestion
3. Make any changes on your fork. Make sure you are aware of the requirements for the project (e.g. do not require Python 3.9 if we are supporting Python 3.10 - 3.13 (inclusive)).
```
